AUTHOR: "Daniel Denk" <djdenk@gmail.com>


SYNOPSIS:

	Filter Foundry development wishlist.


DESCRIPTION:

	  Compile a list of development needs to establish a finalized
	version of Filter Foundry, and to improve or expand on its
	current capabilities as a viable option to plugin development
	without the requirement of complicated programming languages.


CURRENT VERSION TESTING:

	1.4 beta 9 (1.4b9)



IMPROVEMENTS/BUGS:

	* Convolutions 'cnv()' function was radically improved allowing
	  for entire image processing without a one pixel border limitation
	  in previous versions. (Resolved from previous communication.)

	* -1 pixel offset compensation when tiling appears to be eliminated,
	  as was typical with Filter Factory and code requirements. This is
	  a value-added development, but mysterious in how it effects the
	  other processing functions. (Evaluate code and test?)

		*** See examples of comparison between Filter Factory
		code from the FF manual and revised code eliminating
		the -1 pixel offset.



PRIORITY NEEDS:


(FIXED)	1. Default load and save file extensions to lowercase. (.afs, .txt, .8bf)
	  Currently uppercase.

	2. Establish processing fixes/bugs where needed. One example is
	  incompatibility with former Filter Factory scripts not working
	  properly [ie: Simple Tile tools, repeating edge problem].

	  (If a documentation issue based on processing changes, then
	  documentation required for the updated code structure.)

		2a. See examples provided. (Blintz)

(FIXED)	3. Control captions currently not being applied in compiled plugins.

(FIXED)	4. Fix compiled plugin dialogue to read the filter's name.
	  [ie: CAPTION "Filters Name Goes Here"]

		4a. Currently defaults to "Filter Foundry" and requires ResHacker
		    to fix.

(FIXED)	5. One pixel border bug at very bottom of Preview image.

		5a. Minor annoyance in aesthetic.
		5b. Refer to Item 6 as a potential fix or work-around.

		5c. Refer to example in reference directory: 'bug_preview'

			5c-a. Demonstrates the border, along with a description
			      of what occurs as a side-effect [ie: 'sticking'].

			5c-b. This occurs in all plugins compiled.

			5c-c. Attempted different frames in ResHacker to see
			      if the issue would go away - results same.

(FIXED)	6. Prefer Preview default with no background color.

		6a. Currently white background for Preview.
		
		Fixed by DM 10 Jan 2018: For Windows, the preview area is now inside a
		"sunken" border, and the area is filled with the Windows
		"workspace background" color.

(ADDED)	7. Obfuscation or hiding of PARM source in compiled binary .8bf.

	  	7a. Preferred as a checkbox option in the Make dialogue, or include
		    with the 'Protect' option already established.

(FIXED)	8. Flip to match PS builtin zoom controls (+/-)

	----------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Deprecated)	8. Make additional captions optional (Copyright, Author, etc.)
	  	(Don't place box in dialogue at all if nothing entered.)

(Deprecated)	9. Determine if all default CONTROLs can read STATIC and not "Static"?
		(Noticed in ResHacker when editing a dialogue - ResHacker automatically
	  	Compiles Script to read STATIC, and extracts the additional 001fxx types.)

		*** Deprecated due to testing in ResHacker.
		*** Preview problem was solved due to a mistake in DS_OWNERDRAW
			being altered to DS_LEFT.

(Deprecated)	10. Add a checkbox option to Preview image adjustment in real-time, and
		   possibly allow being able to scroll through the main image window.
	   	[Like native Photoshop plugins.]

		*** Deprecated due to lack of support from SDK.



DEVELOPMENT PROPOSALS (Future Development / Expansion):

(FIXED) 1. Support all Photoshop color spaces, RGB, Grayscale, CMYK, and LaB.

(FIXED, up to 4 channels) 2. Multi-channel support (Being able to process all channels, regardless
	  of color-space). [ie: If additional channels are loaded, then 4 channels
	  will have their own space for code. - Red, Green, Blue, Alpha1, etc, A]

	3. Add options for Levels display (to be able to see what any adjustment
	  does to the histogram in real-time).

	----------------------------------------------------------------------------

	4. Consider a dialogue editor while building plugins, instead of automatic
	  captions / labeling - a la ResHacker dialogue editor.

	  (This would fully surpass the traditional Filter Factory dialogue and
	  produce something more flexible and unique, but with the same or
	  current coding environment established in Filter Foundry.)

	5. Consider expanding on code, to include support for alpha blending to
	  blend pixels together. [ie: If making a seamless tile, then code in
	  the blend amount between pixels that overlap]

	  (This would take Filter Foundry to the next level beyond what Filter
	  Factory had established, by allowing an additional range of options
	  to explore in filter creation.) - If this is possible.

	  'alph()' function? Similar to the scl() or mix() functions?

		***** Discussed optional coding language - not recommended for the
		current needs of Filter Foundry. *****









ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

* Simple Tile Tools - http://www.btinternet.com/~cateran/simple/
  (Used as a test source to test current status of continuity
  with Filter Factory compatibilities.)




LICENSE NOTIFICATION:

  This file is part of "Filter Foundry", a filter plugin for Adobe Photoshop
Copyright (C) 2003-2009 Toby Thain, toby@telegraphics.com.au
Copyright (C) 2018-2021 Daniel Marschall, ViaThinkSoft

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to:

	Free Software Foundation, Inc.
	59 Temple Place, Suite 330
	Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

